okay hello everybody welcome to the Jay
s core dev team weekly sink
it's November 226 its 2018 still but
only just really nice to see you all
this is a special edition we're gonna do
a really quick round of updates and
we're gonna skip out the bits for you
being for what you've done because
that's already written down and we'll
leave that for people to read afterwards
and we'll just go over the things that
you're blocked on and what your next I'm
gonna do next because what we're gonna
do is do a mid-quarter okay our check-in
I know we're like a little bit late but
I think it's a good time to update all
of us on on our progress and how much
further we think we're going to get with
our okay ours and figure out whether or
not we should prioritize that's the plan
for today and the people who this
doesn't apply to our welcome to step out
at any point but first of all we will do
a round of updates and first on the list
is Jacob who is also the note-taker
thank you yet this week I'm working on
the lip UDP Road mapping and then also
continuing the lippy to be team and work
the chest bed and I am NOT currently
blocked on anything thank you
Vaska hello so this week I also reviewed
the
b:00 to roadmap of lipids appear I will
continue the work in the DHT stress
tests this time for the shared intensive
since I implemented lookup intensive I
will also test the IPS over th interrupt
and address so the IPS over pups the
reviews that I have that's it
cool thank you moving on to Hugo hi guys
so I'm still kind of walk on the sea I
stuff the protein it's kind of going
back and forth with a cia-trained but
hopefully that will be sorted out also I
still have to Paulo quests and I'm
blocked if you guys can go there and
check there up would be nice and I'll
continue working on the bundle sighs
America routes this week and also
continue like tweaking and learning and
well sing stuff and M Plex
how are you blocked on the polar quest
do you just need to review in on one of
them is kind of I kind of been waiting
for the go team to say something about
what it was incremented on our side if
they can implement it on their side or
if we just go ahead and budgets and just
wait for them to decide and the other
one just reviews and the first one on
the dance stuff they fixed a mistake
stillness check is also kind of
important if you guys can review it
because it's what's been blocking ipfs
from working on the latest notes version
so it's a good one to get merch as soon
as possible and that's it okay thank you
next okay
I'm not really lost I just want to bring
up that she is again not working because
it's going out of this space I really
hope that this can we come out but yeah
[Music]
Nani and I will work further on the I
TLD API a chain though I have their
stuff up inches also being a few samples
and playing with it if it's actually
given here or cut something Nicole thank
you okay so me I am so I have to pull
requests that I would really like a
review on from somebody anybody multiple
people there is so the interface I
profess core now has a pull request for
the object API changes objects API is
going to be returning see IDs in the
future would like a review on that and
then I could get implementing it in Jace
I prefer send JSON API secondly I
finally finished the PR for the CID
basis option and that is due for a
review that is a big one I warn you but
and I apologize it but it is a lot of it
is kind of mechanical changes so you'll
see the same thing sort of repeating so
it should shouldn't be too bad to review
so very carefully
sorry about that cool so this next next
up thing for me ideally I want to get if
we can get a review on that objects API
changes then I would like to go on and
do that refactor I need to still need to
do the add from star implementation the
for those methods in J's ipfs and then I
wanted to get on to writing interrupt s
for CID
V 0 or V 1 and get and that is me cool
Thank You Allen moving on Matteo here we
go
so can you give me yes hopefully
yeah so last week we did a little bit of
sync app chat with with Alan and then I
did a bit of beak did a little bit of
analysis on start benchmarking data
turns out that there is a bit of slow as
long as due to the degeneration part of
the ASAP advice implementation and
[Music]
that's where and more or less that was
my mind my the main focus of last week I
also react to reviewing all the content
for the read knees which we are still
waiting from our review from you other
Alan so if you can let us know as soon
as possible it will be fantastic I would
try and get to Latimer thank you
ooh so Alex fees yes sir I'm not
watching anything
next I will be sorry implemented pretty
much all of em effects there is no it is
for HAMP Charlotte directories there's a
call request open which I just yeah it's
much like house its enormous he's gonna
be really hard to read sorry
PSA I'm trying to directory support was
kind of in so I'm deploying it to the I
reverse registry to see if it's
hopefully faster locally it's much
faster running under docker on a Chad
tenancy machine will see early feedback
seems to be that we've swapped CPU usage
from memory usage yay
so yeah let me look into that that was
me I'm not blocked consumed thank you
Alex and Ron so this week there's gonna
be some refactoring on just how the
tests are Anna laid out also adding the
pre generated key to the test or a
quicker startup and then going on to
adding
test which is get fed for multiple peers
and then they work around benchmarks
last week perfect thank you Ron cool
okay so that's that is everyone listed
now with the remaining time which we
don't have a lot left off but we will
use it wisely
we will do a exercise first of all go to
the if you scroll down to the bottom of
the iPad there is a a part where you are
allowed to list out how many days do you
think you have left working there are
twenty five working days and I say
working days that they include like
Christmas Day and the days you are
currently taking for holidays so you
could work all of that time but you
probably won't so if you if you are if
you if you're going to do some less
working days than 25 then maybe write
them down here and now what we'll do is
we'll go over our okay ours real quick
and what I'd like is let me just paste
the link to the okay ours in the chat so
here we go we've got the then like so
the lipid P&I PR d people are also
invited to join in i'll put their links
to but so the idea is we'll go through
the the okay arts or we'll go through
people and if you can pick out your okay
ours from the spreadsheet and just read
out and then if what you could do is
okay if you can give us an update on the
progress for that particular okay are
super quick how much further you expect
to get on that given that you've only
got maximum 25 days left and then let us
know if you plan on like reprioritizing
to not do that
focus on other things instead so does
everyone understand yeah no we
understand so yeah it's it's not
applicable to everybody here but just
the just the people who have okay ours
so what I do is I'll go first and I will
go through my my okay arts and and do
the exercise and then you can we can all
go through and do it okay so me my first
one on the on especially is base 52 CID
migration is complete at a time that I
did the actual scoring for the
mid-quarter I hadn't managed to do any
further work on it so that was that was
zero from me I have since then made
significant progress on implementing the
CID based option and I hope to have the
ability to retrieve CID v10 from our
datastore and to at least be I guess a
little way towards CID v1 as the default
CID v1 base 42 as the default so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to adjust
that one that I've put me mid-quarter
projection I'm going to take that down a
little bit because I'm looking at my 16
days that I have I don't think I'm gonna
be able to finished all of that with
everything else is going on my second
okay art that I have is Jesse I give s
daemon is one or more of the gateway
nodes again haven't made any progress
towards this I have put down 0.5 as the
projection because I felt as though I
would be making be able to make some
progress getting up and running sorting
out some of the performance issues just
with the work that's happening on near
for me it might be closer to a stage
where it could be a IVFs gateway node so
so I put half down that's probably a
little ambitious so what else do I have
okay so measure of relief here we go
where's a website is published to
visually track a set of basic
performance profiles of GS IVFs
relations over historical versions I
again didn't make any focus of them but
since then we have been we've been
working with the near form guys and it
looks as though there will that will
actually be could be nearly done or done
to some extent so I put 0.75 down it
might be it might be a whole one by the
end of the quarter so for that super
good news and finally test quality has
improved duplicates of removed and
coverage increased by at least 5% being
working a little bit towards that this
week even I think one as a actual
projection is pretty ambitious but the
thing is that the PT and I will I think
I will probably be d prioritizing that a
little bit and working on it if I can if
I have any extra time so that's me shall
we go so huge so easy one next is a
passcode hello so regarding my two in
jessup FSH is enabled by default in the
interrupts we to go i PF sh t so in this
okay i have the awesome endeavor of the
HT almost ready and i have tested to
test interoperability and it is working
as well but all of these needs reviews
and the other one i penis is functional
over pops up in the DHT for the first
one for pops of part i have flow so p
arts for all of that but it also needs
reviews all knee is starting in doing
that and the interrupt part it's also
working but it needs release from the
audience as well about the ibanez over
ADHD
I have the initial implementation ready
but I need to figure out some problems
and also do the tests of the interrupts
so my biggest concerns for the Jessup
FSO cures are basically the time that
will Alan rely for reviews as you will
have a lot to nice plates so I don't
know if my projections off one for both
of them will be good or not but at least
I think that the PRS will be ready for
review by the end of the quarter going
to the little baby ok arson now so the
first one interrupts x4 goalie p2p and
Jesse exists for core functionalities my
current score for that is zero I haven't
started it yet I hope to do some work on
that this quarter after Jacob as the
demon work resist but yeah maybe 0.6
will not be shipped but at least 0.3 0.4
I hope I can get it and then another one
the testbed can run large-scale test for
the DHT and web so I've started some
stress tests for the DHT part recently
and I hope to get a good score on this
it will not be finished by the end of
the quarter but I think it will be on a
good stage by then then the next one the
achieves in a but it's the same as
recipe fest this one is also and the
last one I've been a speck exists and is
complete so that mean inspect PR already
exists
it is not ready to review yet because
thanks to the interrupt changes it is
currently out of date I have to update
it with the changes that we did for the
Ibanez over pub/sub interrupt but it
will be
read it I think at least until the end
of the word and it's all for me awesome
yeah I think helping so on your point
about me my time ability having or
encouraging other people to review your
work before I get around to it is really
is really helpful because they can weed
out any any bits and pieces and and that
can keep you sort of flowing a little
bit at least cool okay next person I can
see here is Alex do you like - yeah and
PRI professes the default registries I
profess developers and see I used to
install them pin dependencies I mean
this is done right you can totally use
it today if you have time and you're a
monkey so yeah it's pretty much done
it's just that it's so close it's so
close it's just the kind of the
performance issues that are stopping it
from being usable but I'm very convinced
that this is going to be done by the end
of the quarter I'm hoping it's gonna be
done before I'm in Porton - yeah cool so
a repo migration to listen to I think
first can automatically upgrade older
repos I haven't started it don't know
what it's about probably not gonna
finish at this quarter is Jarius IVFs
unix engine is decomposed into smaller
modules for better maintainability
testability repose reliability and reuse
there and then stop reflecting module as
part of a release yeah so that's been
done and it should go out in the next
release which will be amazing and
continues deployment requirements with
interest hours making continuous
deployment an option for all those
chairs projects
haven't started it I think all we need
this is just documentation errands are
kind of take away in and flesh out so
that's yeah that should totally be
doable
candidate modules from extraction
JFS are identified and agreed yeah so my
mind now this doesn't seem as high
priority as it did earlier so I think
things gonna get done final one there's
a drop spec for UNIX FS p2 is finalized
me personally I don't feel like I am
capable of finishing this I think it's
way bigger and she probably decided like
fundamentally the IP LD worker it may be
or a separate working group API is and
standards and and that kind of thing so
you know I will continue keeping an eye
on the process but I don't really it's
not winning my power to deliver it I
don't think ool thank you on the CI
stuff I'd like to think that with the
work that he gets being doing that we
can maybe at least make some some
progress towards that before the end of
the yeah Co it's fair enough on the
other and the other points so who else
Hugo would you like to to go so let's
talk to the GS happy first ones on the
same boards and we have a CLI to manage
the versions and switch between go and
Jas I started some research about it
shaking out the tools and stuff like
that but not to implement anything yet
so by the end of quarter I don't really
think that it will be even half done so
that's that on transferring large files
adding to any work on that
I'm prioritized other Aki ours
the bundle size that one is going pretty
well I start doing some work on DS I
have a concrete plan for the rest of it
so that should be finished by the end of
the quarter as well as the error codes
also the auditing and another one that's
not actually mine but as Alan said the
work I've been doing on the CI should be
a good starting point or I don't know to
fcd we have a couple of prototypes
working in at least two or three repos
and we will hopefully try it out on the
main one we already have like the basic
stuff with the tests and linting and if
everything everyone agrees we can make
some tests to see if the the current
implementation works for us to do
continuous deployments but let's see if
we can finish this until the end of
quarter and then I guess it's the last
one Jacob no we've got Volker as well
Jacob would you like to go next day sure
all right I'm all-in lib p2p land so I
will go there error handling that's just
a constant improvement we've added error
codes to quite a few of the modules but
there's still a lot to go I think point
seven is probably still a pretty good
projection Network has a visualization
tool this was kind of a stretch goal for
us and we probably will not hit it so
there is right Lippe to be daemon that
should be hopefully done later this week
or next week so that should be good
if testbed exists and can test 50,000
p2p notes were probably not gonna hit
50,000 notes I've been working on that
with Vasco and coal but I think we'll
probably get at least at the point where
we can start scaling up that know what's
the next natural Russell spec so one of
the things we wanted to do is get the
natural spec solidifies so that we could
start working on the actual Jason
implementation finish that up early next
year
point five is probably going to be a bit
high I don't we've spent much time on
that but we are having a lip PTP on team
week early next year so hopefully we can
hash out a bunch of the specs then then
users can configure Lippe to be to use
elliptic crypto keys Ceph RSA so this is
pretty much done the issue that
currently there is in Lippe to be
keychain when it goes to export the keys
and store them currently only RSA
actually has an export function on it so
that breaks so I just need to get that
at it but that shouldn't take too long
so I think that should be good to go um
and then examples in proper
documentation there's a lot of a lot of
the repos but I think we're getting
closer point six is probably high for
all of the repos but I think we will
probably see that well 0.4 0.5 maybe
that is it thank you
and then finally if okay all right so
I'm totally IPL Dylan and so the first
one is signing off on the graph sync
design I'm not sure about it if it
should be a 0 or 1 so it's either or it
was kind of I think agree that what we
really have is another thing so I know
joy this is 0-1 and then in the
particular items are just not the thing
anymore because like
the when we did the planning in between
the grousing the host stuffs changed
mid-quarter so those then six items are
not earlier time anymore
it don't make sense anymore and the last
one is still a thing so there's no time
and I should probably make this someone
and I plan to the end of the corridor
have at least a prototype which kind of
is not bit small but something else that
works with a diminutive S version won't
refer me um yeah if you can't love
singly grassing whatever and yet and
then I worked I saw that one item is on
Michaels played by I did the work which
means the review of the iphone maybe is
and so we I did good progress there
again and yeah I think that's all I had
yeah you can you can just transfer that
one to you if you want by the way your
name yeah whatever yeah Michael would
you like to also do this I didn't
realize you would I didn't see your face
yet for some reason okay yeah I don't
have those in front of me because I have
okay ours I'm like four different
spreadsheets but I'm basically like that
a high-level sort of like all of the
protis cool stuff is slated to be done
by the end of the quarter we won't be we
won't be like actually launching until
like mid-january just for tactical
reasons like it's not good to lunch of
product like during Christmas
but yeah so that'll that's all on track
all the rest of the ok ours are looking
really good news that are shaping up
nicely yeah yeah all the weekly meetings
are going well the plan for sort of
reducing new contributors stuff is all
going great I peeled II work is all on
track there's like barely anything left
to do to meet the current ok ours just a
Munich service be to work but most of
that the big stuff is all happened and
yeah that's so we're at you
your target is yeah well yeah yeah don't
don't look at my event okay ours right
okay cool um in which case we I think
we've got fruit everyone if you if I
missed you okay like I've already missed
two people so I'm really terrible at
this if you would like to give us an
update and you are here then if we are
all that would so we started like six
minutes in so we do have three minutes
if anyone would like to ask questions or
just have any general comments or
anything before we before we sign off
you go I just would like to ask everyone
to keep your feedback on the CI coffee
quests on the infra repo so see if we
can get that pushed and finally get rid
of Jenkins maybe I don't know so please
check it out Aaron today and I am yet to
write up what we talked about so yeah I
mean there sure we what we what we
should do right now is push a push wards
and enable gitlab and circle CI and
evaluate start evaluating them we can
add in Windows and Mac machines when as
and when they come but she is absolutely
willing to - and the whole Winfred in
ftima still gonna still gonna help us
out so but let's let's talk offline
later yeah sure just under on GS ipfs
repo I really activated Windows machine
in a Mac so we can check it out how it
works so check that out - sounds awesome
okay in if there's no if there's no
other questions thank you for joining us
everyone
I know been a bit boring for some of you
but that was that was really useful and
I actually really enjoyed hearing
everyone's update from the from the PT
P&ID as well
I feel like I've got a better idea of
what's how everyone is where everyone is
at the moment so that's great and that's
all you're free to go thank you very
much until next time bye